Upsilon Main Project Documentation.

Sections and Pages:
1.Main Page
1.1 the point of this page is to represent the main topics and hero of the website with some additional components and utilities that 
will be added in further approach such as Counter - Hero - Testimonial and ...

2.Gallery Page: The purpose of this section is dedicated to announce and gather most of the Galleries that are located in Tehran 
the structure of this page is based on App Routing. it means that the main page contains cards and short information about each gallery
and when user click on each, she will be redirected to a simple article page that holds full information about the card that user came from


3.Narcotic Page: this page contains 2 parts which are main and sidebar. the purpose of this page is to share and represent some content
from different channels that are all located in Telegram. the contents are Music, Images, and Scripts.
Structue of this page is not base on Routing but it is more like data flowing between components. more command and documents are located 
inside the page folder.

About the Issue #4
I tried to send up properties form PlaylistCard to MusicPage and Somehow the process was successful in order to control 
the duration and seek back and forth but when I wanted to set up a max attribute to input:range it only gets the latest music
property from the mapped tracks.
I have decided to send the all the functionality to MusicPlayer Component and only send back the src and track information to it.
how ever in further future and with better understanding and experiences I may want to reconsider the problem again.

Issues:
• #1 Most of Pages are not well-made for responsive environment and some have styling problem.
• #2 Data bases and sources are all needs reconsideration
• #3 in Music Page if User has IDM then musics will be automatically downloaded. find a solution to fix it. (Howler.js Issue)
• #4 Howler and its management 
• #5 (suspicious error) when app is initiated in Music Page input:range_seek(progress Bar) does not work properly in the beginning. (why?)


